To add that table into our database, I've just opened up the MySQL UI,
and I'm going to paste this in here,
and I've just got the SQL of CREATE TABLE persistent_logins,
username VARCHAR 50 NOT NULL, series VARCHAR 64 PRIMARY KEY,
token VARCHAR 64 NOT NULL, and the last_used TIMESTAMP NOT NULL as well.
And then we create a foreign key to our username,
which references the users table and the username column inside of that.
So if we highlight this and then execute the SQL underneath the cursor,
it will create that table.
I'm going to scroll down and highlight our commit and then execute that as well.
And so we've now created that table and committed that to our query.
Let's go back to our application now, and we're ready to run our application.
So I'm going to exit full screen, and I'm actually going to restart my server.
And I want to do this because we have made changes to the database.
We've made changes to our Java configuration.
So it's a good idea for us to get a full deployment out of it.
And now, when we click Add Registration,
it will take us to our Login page where we can put in
here bryan and the password of pass, and I can click Remember Me.
When I click Login,
it will go out and create an entry in that table and a cookie on my local box.
So I'm logged in now.
I can switch back over to our MySQL UI,
and I'm going to create a little select statement inside of here and
just say select * from, and I'll just copy that persistent_logins so
that we don't have a spelling error here.
And if I highlight that SQL statement and execute that,
you'll see that we now have a record created in that
persistent_logins table for Bryan.
And it has our series and token, as well as the last used date.
So we can set an expiry on that if we want. Or if we just close
our application and open it back up, that cookie will still be there,
and it won't require us to log in again.
So we now have our Remember Me services configured and working, and you can see that record stored in our database to do just that.